Implement configurable batch size limit in JDBC sink processor (#2888)
hazelcast/hazelcast-jet: hazelcast-jet-distribution/src/root/release_notes.txt

1. New Features

> [jdbc] Implement configurable batch size limit in JDBC sink processor (#2888).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[jdbc] Make the batch size limit configurable in the JDBC sink processor (#2888).
```
I would also put this to Enhancements.

2. Enhancements

3. Fixes

4. Breaking Changes

> [jdbc] The `SinkProcessors.writeJdbcP()` and `WriteJdbcP.metaSupplier()` methods
>  gained a new argument: `batchLimit`.

Reviewer: `WriteJdbcP.metaSupplier` is private API:
```suggestion
[jdbc] Added `batchLimit` parameter to `SinkProcessors.writeJdbcP()`  method.
```

Author: > WriteJdbcP.metaSupplier is private API.

Oh right, is an internal implementation class!
